Rewrite (#2)
mihaibudiu/sigmod-rh: main.tex

\begin{abstract}
  We describe \dbsp, a framework for incremental computation.

>   Incremental computations repeatedly evaluate a function on a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Incremental computations repeatedly evaluate a function on
```

  some input values that are ``changing''.  The goal of an efficient
  implementation is to ``reuse'' previously computed results.
  Ideally, when presented with a new change to the input, an
  incremental computation should only perform work proportional to the
  size of the changes of the (input and output) data, rather than to
  the size of the entire dataset.

  In the area of databases the incremental computation problem is
  known as Incremental View Maintenance (IVM); IVM has long been a
  central problem in database theory.  Many solutions have been
  proposed for restricted classes of computation, but we are
  seeking a general solution.

  As a first step of our solution, we define incremental computations
  as computations on data streams, i.e., sequences of data values.  We

>   borrow ideas from the theory of Digital Signal Processing, developed
>   for stream processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  borrow ideas from the theory of Digital Signal Processing, which is a form of computation over streams.
```
